So something SysOps need to know how to do
is to do EBS migration.
So as I said, EBS volumes,
they're only locked to do a specific AZ.
And so if you wanted to migrate it
to a different AZ or a different region,
you would need to snapshot the volume, which you just did.
Then we need to optionally copy the volume
to different a region, and then we could create a volume
from the snapshot in the AZ of our choice.
Very simple, but it's good to see it once.
So let's practice.
We have a volume to migrate right here,
and we want to make a change,
its availability zone.
So right now it is in the eu-west-1a AZ,
but we want to move it maybe to eu-west-1b.
So the way to do it, first of all, is to take a snapshot.
So we create a snapshot from it,
and I will just go ahead and create the snapshots.
And if I go to the left hand side now to snapshots,
I can see my snapshot is available and completed.
And that snapshot is just belonging to a specific region.
So from this snapshot,
we can do action and then create volume from snapshots.
And here, I have the opportunity
to choose the target availability zone.
So I can choose, for example, eu-west-1b.
So we're good.
We create the volume.
And if I go now into my volumes page right here,
as you can see, this was the volume to migrate,
and this is the new volume from my snapshots.
And if we have a look at it,
the availability zone now is eu-west-1b.
So very simple operation.
Just need to see it once, but now you know how to do it.
Okay, that's it.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.